.TH WNCLEAN 1L "2 Sep 1999"
.SH NAME
wnclean \- clean up the document database and data files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wnclean
.I config_file
.I num_errors
[
.I id
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I wnclean
is a utility that cleans up the document database by removing
documents and all related data files that are reported to have more
than 
.I num_errors
the same errors in a row as logged by 
.I wncontrol(1L)
For each document, all watchers are notified by email the document is
no longer in the database and why it was deleted.
.LP
For example, if wncontrol reported a domain at which the document resides
as unresolvable already 13 times in a row, the document and all earlier
fetched data files will be deleted when 
.I num_errors
has a value lower or equal to 13. All watchers are notified by email that
the domain was unresolvable and therefore the document was deleted.
.LP
The optional parameter
.I id
, if specified by a positive number, will limit the test on errors to
only the document specified by the id. This is for manual purposes only.
.LP
The WNF data directory is fetched from the configuration file
.I config_file
For more information on the contents of this file, please refer to
.I wncontrol(1L)
.SH NOTES
It is possible to set the 
.I num_errors
parameter to 0 as to delete all documents that are reported by wncontrol
as unavailable for some reason in the last run. You are discouraged to do
so, unless you set the 
.I id
parameter. In that case, even if the document has no errors, it will be 
removed. This is a special case for manually removing certain documents from 
the database.
.SH EXAMPLES
.LP
wnclean etc/wncontrol.conf 10
.LP
remove all documents and datafiles that are reported to be unavailable
for 10 or more times in a row
.LP
wnclean etc/wncontrol.conf 0 55
.LP
remove document id 55 and all datafiles regardless whether an error occurred
or not
.SH "SEE ALSO"
wncontrol(1L),
wndiff(1L),
wnparse(1L),
wnmail(1L),
wnletter(1L),
wnprune(1L)
.SH AUTHORS
Copyright (C) 1999 JP
