.TH WNCONTROL 1L "12 Aug 1999"
.SH NAME
wncontrol \- daemon controlling the parse, diff and mail process
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wncontrol
.I configfile
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I wncontrol
will immediately detach into the background and keep itself busy
by silently monitoring a MySQL database and running childs. When 
the time is right, new child processes will be spawned, which 
will (each) retrieve and parse an URL into a WNF file in a dedicated 
directory for that URL.
.LP
The child compares the newly fetched WNF data to the last saved 
WNF file and saves everything that is new into a new WNF file.
This file, which has the current timestamp as its name, contains
the updates since the last retrieval.
.LP
If priority monitoring is enabled, it will also immediately
notify anyone registered as such in the MySQL database by email
of what has changed.
.LP
The behaviour of
.I wncontrol
is completely controlled by the settings in the configuration file
.I configfile
:
.TP
.B \ DATA_DIR
In this directory the subdirectories will be created for each
URL that is retrieved. The name of the subdirectory is deduced from
the id the URL has in the database. It is apparent the filesystem
hosting this directory should be kept under surveillance as the
DATA_DIR is growing over time.
.TP
.B \ PID_FILE
Specifies the path to a file that is written everytime the controller
starts up. The only content is the process-id of the parent process. If
you kill (SIGTERM) this process-id, the whole controller, including all 
childs, will shutdown gracefully, i.e. exit when all data is retrieved
and parsed.
.TP
.B \ LOG_FILE
Specifies the path to the file that will be filled with logoutput.
The contents will depend on the settings of LOG_LEVEL.
.TP
.B \ LOG_APPEND
If you set this to 1, the existing logfile will not be cleared at
startup. Instead, the new logoutput will be appended. If you set this
to 0, the file will always be cleared at startup.
.TP
.B \ LOG_LEVEL
Depending on this value, the logfile will be filled. If you set this
to 0, nothing is logged. This is not recommended, since you at least
should log fatal errors by setting the LOG_LEVEL to 1. If you are
interested in which URL is retrieved how many times and what the
statuses are, you set this to 2.
.TP
.B \ DB_USER
This is the authorizing username to the database server. This username
should at least have select, update and delete permissions on the tables
in DB_NAME.
.TP
.B \ DB_PASS
This is the authorizing password to the database server, that accompanies
the DB_USER
.TP
.B \ DB_NAME
This is the name of the database to be selected when the connection
succeeds.
.TP
.B \ DB_MAX_RETRIES
When the connection fails for any reason, you can let the controller
retry to connect in reasonable intervals before bailing out. The
maximum number of retries is specified here.
.TP
.B \ MAIL_HOST
The hostname or ip-adres of the SMTP server you will use to
send notification emails.
.TP
.B \ MAIL_TIMEOUT
When confirmation is awaited from the MAIL_HOST, this is the
number of seconds the controller will at maximum wait before
bailing out. Note that the higher you set this, the longer
each child process can exist on your machine.
.TP
.B \ MAIL_FROM
This is the emailaddress of the sender of the mail. Note that
in most cases, the SMTP server wants a very plain and valid 
address here.
.TP
.B \ MAIL_SENDER
This is the name of the sender of the mail. In the maildata,
the From field is composed as 'MAIL_SENDER <MAIL_FROM>', so
in mail clients a friendly sendername appears. You may leave 
this empty, in which case only MAIL_FROM is used.
.TP
.B \ MAIL_SPOOL
This is the directory where all outgoing mail will be 
spooled. Each mail will have its own file with ASCII contents
and sit there to be picked up be the mail processor.
.TP
.B \ MAIL_CHUNK
The number of mails that will be processed in one transaction
with the SMTP server by the mail processor. 
.TP
.B \ MAIL_DELAY
The number of seconds the mail processor will sleep before
engaging a new transaction with the SMTP server. Together with
MAIL_CHUNK, you can tune the outgoing load of your network
towards the SMTP server as well as the load of the SMTP server.
.TP
.B \ TEMPLATE_UPDATED
The path to the template that will be used for sending update 
notifications. Update notifications are sent at the time a document 
is loaded, has an update and has subscribers that want to be notified.
.TP
.B \ TEMPLATE_REMOVED
The path to the template that will be used for sending removal
notifications. Removal notifications are sent by the utility wnclean
at the time a document retrieval has generated the same error more
than a certain number of times, see wnclean(1L)
.TP
.B \ TIME_SLICE
The number of seconds the controller sleeps before checking
the status of the childs and generating new candidates to
be retrieved and parsed. Note that each new 'round' will
take database access. For a not so stressed server, you
might want to keep this value somewhat higher than 1.
.TP
.B \ DOC_MIN_AGE
The number of seconds at least must have passed since the last 
retrieval of a specific document before it is considered again. 
If you want to limit your ip-traffic, you should increase this
value. In other words, this is the content_slice, the minimum
number of seconds between each document update.
.TP
.B \ DOC_MAX_PARALLEL
The maximum number of childs that may exist at the same time
retrieving and parsing documents. It is wise to tune this
number up as far as your network can handle all child retrievals
simultaneously without losing speed.
.TP
.B \ DOC_TIMEOUT
The number of seconds the controller will wait for some data
to arrive from the remote http server before bailing out.
.TP
.B \ DOC_MAX_WAIT
The number of seconds the controller will wait for the whole
retrieving, parsing and change detection process to complete
before bailing out. Reasonable value is about 60 seconds
after DOC_TIMEOUT, since the only way this value will be 
enforced is when the spawned child locks up or dies unexpectedly.
.SH NOTES
If you decide to use priority mail notification, it is wise
to test your MAIL_* settings by using the 
.I wnmail
utility with your settings and see if it returns any inconveniences
by your selected MAIL_HOST. If you fail to do this and your settings
are in error, you will never know, because the childs do not report
to the logfile.
.SH FILES
etc/wncontrol.conf
.SH "SEE ALSO"
wnparse(1L),
wndiff(1L),
wnmail(1L),
wnletter(1L),
wnprune(1L),
wnclean(1L)
.SH AUTHORS
Copyright (C) 1999 JP
