.TH WNPARSE 1L "12 Aug 1999"
.SH NAME
wnparse \- retrieve an url and parse it into a WNF file
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wnparse
.I host
.I uri
.I outfile
[ 
.I timeout
[
.I readfile
] ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I wnparse
fetches the url that is composed of the 
.I host
and
.I uri
parameters as http://<host><uri> and, when successful, parses
the HTML into a WNF structure that is written into
.I outfile
.LP
The optional 
.I timeout
parameter specifies the maximum wait time for completion of document
before bailing out. If you do now set this value, a default will be
used.
.LP
The optional parameter
.I readfile
specifies the file where a dump of the original HTML file will be
written.
.LP
The WNF structure breaks down into four types of tags:
.TP
.B \ ERROR
this line indicates an error
.TP
.B \ TEXT
this line contains plain text
.TP
.B \ LINK
this line contains a hyperlink
.TP
.B \ IMAGE
this line contains an image reference
.TP
.LP
Each line consists of at most three columns:
.TP
.B \ BLOCKNR
indicates a unique number, that spans all tags that are within
the same meaningful HTML layout, e.g. in a <P> alinea, in a
<BLOCKQUOTE> etc.
.TP
.B \ PARAMETER
indicates the reference for the tag. In a LINK, it is the href
part. In an IMAGE, it is the src part.
.TP
.B \ CONTENT
indicates the describing content for the tag. In a LINK, this
is what is found between <a href=> and </a>.
.SH EXAMPLES
wnparse www.foo.com /bar out
.LP
retrieves the HTML from http://www.foo.com/bar and writes the
WNF structure into the file 'out'
.SH "SEE ALSO"
wncontrol(1L),
wndiff(1L),
wnmail(1L),
wnprune(1L),
wnclean(1L)
.SH AUTHORS
Copyright (C) 1999 JP
