.TH WNPRUNE 1L "12 Aug 1999"
.SH NAME
wnprune \- prune WNF data files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wnprune
.I config_file
.I max_days
[
.I min_size
[
.I min_entries
[
.I test
] ] ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I wnprune
is a utility that scans the WNF data directory recursively for WNF 
files that are older than
.I max_days
and deletes these files. 
.LP
The optional parameter
.I min_size
, if specified by a positive number, enforces the number of Kbytes in 
each data directory that will always remain, even though some of the
content is older than max_days.
.LP
The optional parameter
.I min_entries
, if specified by a positive number, enforces the number of entries
(files) in each directory that will always remain, even though they
are older than max_days. 
.LP
Both parameters ensure some content will always be left behind in
directories representing ill-updating sites. They would be left without 
any files if you don't specify at least one of the 
.I min_size 
or
.I min_entries
parameters. 
.LP
If you want to play with the parameters and see what and how many
files are pruned, specify the extra optional parameter
.I test
This will run the prune, but instead of deleting the files it
prints details about how your directories will be affected by the 
prune. Is it wise to redirect the output to some file, for it can
be a lot of information.
.LP
The WNF data directory is fetched from the configuration file
.I config_file
For more information on the contents of this file, please refer to
.I wncontrol(1L)
.SH NOTES
By choosing the
.I min_entries
parameter to block pruning, you still don't really know how much 
content this represents. The number of Kbytes tackles this 
problem a bit better. Therefore, the 
.I min_size
parameter must always be specified before using the 
.I min_entries
parameter.
.SH EXAMPLES
.LP
wnprune etc/wncontrol.conf 7 500
.LP
prune all files older than a week as long as still more than 500Kb remains
in each directory
.LP
wnprune etc/wncontrol.conf 7 0 20
.LP
prune all files older than a week as long as still more than 20 files remain
in each directory
.LP
wnprune etc/wncontrol.conf 0 1000
.LP
prune all directories so that each directory contains at most 1Mb of content
.SH "SEE ALSO"
wncontrol(1L),
wndiff(1L),
wnparse(1L),
wnmail(1L),
wnletter(1L),
wnclean(1L)
.SH AUTHORS
Copyright (C) 1999 JP
